# music-maker-jam
Create, remix &amp; share your music! Trap, hip hop, house, RnB… create your sound!  The ultimate music mix app - Join the music revolution now! Millions of people use Music Maker JAM to create, share and discover amazing tracks across all genres - trap, hip hop, house, RnB, rock, pop, and more!  ► FEATURES We make music creation easy! Pick from thousands of studio-quality audio loops, beats and samples to start mixing your new track. Once your sound is complete, share it instantly with a worldwide audience.  More than ten FREE Mix Packs with over 2000 loops available in the Music Maker JAM store  ► UNLIMITED POSSIBILITIES • Choose from 300+ Mix Packs with 500k+ loops including trap, hip hop, RnB, house, EDM, rock, pop, funk, drum and bass, techno, ambient, jazz and more! • Compose your own unique sound: easily compose by combining samples from different music genres to create your own track • Become the producer: record live with a perfect mixdown on the 8-channel mixer • Access thousands of studio-quality loops from beats and vocals to synth leads and bass lines • Take control: adjust tempo and harmonies, edit song parts and add spectacular real-time effects  ► AND MORE... • Remix tracks by shaking your device • Record your own vocals • Share your tracks directly to SoundCloud, Facebook, WhatsApp or Instagram • Join our music community and connect with friends, artists, influencers, fans, followers, DJs, producers and more!  The Music Maker JAM community has created and uploaded more than 4 million songs to date. Do you have what it takes to become a part of this today?  You are the music revolution, we are the spark!
